updating to add explicit call out of mask harrassment (#1)
pytexas/code-of-conduct: physical-spaces-code-of-conduct.md

Harassment comes in many forms, including but not limited to:
  - Offensive comments related to gender, sexual orientation, age, disability,
    physical appearance, body size, race, veteran status, or religion

>   - Inappropriate comments related to a person's usage of a face mask

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Inappropriate comments related to a person's use or lack of use of a face mask
```
Mainly thinking about how we don't want anyone to harass people about whatever decision they make, but we could go either way.
